OSDOCS-8360 z-stream release notes 4.13.19 (#66985)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-13-release-notes.adoc

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.13.19 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-13-19-features"]
==== Features

[id="ocp-4-13-19-APIServer-insights-operator"]
===== APIServer.config.openshift.io is now tracked by Insights Operator

After running the Insights Operator, a new file is now available in the archive in the path `config/apiserver.json` with the information about the audit profile for APIServer.config.openshift.io.
+
Access to audit profiles help you to understand what audit policy is common practice, what profiles are most commonly used, what differences there are between industries, and what kind of customization is applied.

[id="ocp-4-13-19-bug-fixes"]
==== Bug fixes

> * Previously, the Cluster Version Operator did not reconcile SecurityContextConstraints (SCC) resources as expected. Cluster Version Operator (CVO) now properly reconciles the Volumes field SecurityContextConstraints resources towards the state defined in the release image. User modifications to system SCC resources are tolerated.

Author: That makes more sense, thanks!

> 

Reviewer: Needs a `+` continuation between these two paragraphs to keep them together, since it is within a bulleted list item.

> Future OCP versions will stop tolerating user modifications of system SCC resources, so CVO now imposes a minor version update gate when it detects a user-modified SCC. Users need to make workloads compliant to unmodified system SCC resources before they update to future minor OCP versions. See https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7033949 for more information. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-19472[*OCPBUGS-19472*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Future {product-title} versions will stop tolerating user modifications of system SCC resources, so CVO now imposes a minor version update gate when it detects a user-modified SCC. Users must make workloads compliant to unmodified system SCC resources before they update to future minor {product-title} versions. See link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7033949[] for more information. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-19472[*OCPBUGS-19472*])
```
